[♪ country music playing]
♪ Sky ♪
♪ You're just a place to fly ♪
♪ You're just a big blue eyes ♪
[sign rattles]
♪ Like me sometimes you cry ♪
♪ Looking for a home ♪
♪ Sea ♪
♪ You're nothing more to me ♪
♪ Then just the rolling sea ♪
♪ Another part of me ♪
[Teddi] We've got nothing for you nearby.
- Look a little further out.
- [Velma] Yeah. sure.
- Something will pop.
- Always does.
- [car approaches]
- Let me know when you find something.
[Teddi] Sure thing.
[♪ tense music playing]
[car door opens]
[door closes]
Hey. little brother.
You gonna shoot me.
or can we sit down and have a few?
I brought some of my homebrew.
[♪ ominous music playing]
Guess this is one of those
who's-gonna-go-first deals. huh?
- You called me.
- True.
- You called people I work with.
- Also true.
I set up a time and a day
to meet last week. and you don't show.
Sorry about that.
That it?
- Well. something came up.
- "Something came up."
What's so important. Russell.
you keep calling me?
Dory thinks we ought
to put the past behind us.
I tried months ago. You blew me off.
So let's get to it.
I know you think
I pushed Dad off that cliff.
I saw you there.
Colter. I didn't push him.
I don't know if he fell.
or if somebody else pushed him.
but I do know there was somebody else
in those woods that night.
Dad had enemies. Colter.
He was a crazy son of a bitch.
He was paranoid.
The man was hard as hell on us.
Making us learn how to skin a rabbit?
Not exactly a skill I need these days.
[scoffs]
Why would Mom let me believe
that you did it?
Yeah. I don't know.
I like to think she did
the best she could.
But Mom had her secrets. trust me.
You can't drop that on me
and not explain yourself.
The man I saw in the woods
the night Dad died.
I'd seen him once before.
I saw him talking to our mom.
Are you saying
Mom had something to do with this?
I-I don't know.
But when Dad died.
she said it would be best if I left.
and to keep quiet about what happened.
You didn't question that?
She said our lives depended on it.
Because of what happened to Dad?
I was a kid. so I left.
And then I got a little older
and I just stayed gone.
- You joined the military.
- Yeah. I enlisted.
I thought that was the best way
to leave it all behind.
Look. man. there's nothing
that we can say or do to bring Dad back
or to make up for lost time. okay?
What happened happened.
Yeah. well. then. you know...
I guess we're done here. right?
[Russell scoffs]
That it?
I thought this'd be two brothers
burying the old family hatchet.
you know. hugging it out.
You gave me a lot to think about.
didn't you?
While you're doing your thinking.
there's something
I could use your help with.
- You find people. right? For rewards?
- Yeah.
I'm trying to find an old unit
buddy of mine. Doug Thompson.
- What happened?
- He's been missing for five days.
Wife said he left on an errand
and never came back.
That's why I missed our meeting.
I was checking things out.
- Problems in the marriage?
- No. Doug's a solid guy.
He wouldn't...
He wouldn't ditch Tracy.
Anything else you can
give me to go on?
I traced his phone
to a gas station outside of Roanoke.
It was in the trash. it was all busted up.
His car was still there.
- Gas stations have cameras.
- They do.
Doug was on the surveillance video
until he bolted off cam.
He was acting real sketchy.
Something was wrong.
I can pay you. you know.
for your help.
Russell. it's not about the money.
Will you help me. or no?
Yeah. I'll help you.
Great. Thanks.
[♪ country music playing
on car stereo]
♪ Name one day and I followed
that voice down the lost highway ♪
Here you go.
Free coffee from the lobby.
Free coffee?
Yeah. It does the trick. Trust me.
- Living here?
- Yeah. for now.
It's not that bad.
They actually got a hot tub in the back.
Met a girl from Tallahassee
the other night.
Used to be a cheerleader.
Like a pro one.
Yeah. she's a dental hygienist now.
I'm sure this story has a point.
but we should go.
Listen. I wanted to ask you.
We're good. right?
You believe me
about what I said about Dad?
Uh. you know. I don't know
what to believe right now.
Let's go to your friend's. okay?
Let's go.
[engine starts]
- You gonna tell me about your friend or...
- Sure. Doug Thompson.
He's one of the good ones.
Saved my life more than once.
I owe him. He's. you know. family to me.
You guys go back a ways then. huh?
- Served 18 years together. Same unit.
- Then what?
- After that?
- I don't know. we got out.
We kept in touch.
Ran in the same crowd. You know?
I don't know.
To help you find this guy.
you'll have to give me something.
I need to know his routine.
What's this guy about? Come on.
[chuckles]
All right. Um...
Doug's quiet.
You know. he's...
Some people might say he's intense.
I hooked him up with this outfit.
civilian contract stuff.
And that's what you do. too?
Yeah. it's what most of us
ex-special ops guys do.
We miss the excitement
when we transition to civilian life.
And it pays very well.
What's the name of this outfit?
The Horizon Group. but I don't think
it has anything to do with them.
What makes you say that?
Doug got into a car accident
about six weeks ago. Okay?
Nothing major. but it shook him up.
and he started acting weird.
getting paranoid.
So I'm thinking maybe he got a concussion
that triggered some PTSD.
and I don't know.
maybe he got scared
and he ran off and he's hiding somewhere.
Maybe.
This is it.
- Last house on the right there.
- Yeah.
[♪ tense music playing]
[knocking on door]
Tracy. hey. this is Colter.
He's gonna help us find Doug.
What is it? What happened?
There was a package
on my porch this morning.
- Mind if we take a look?
- Come in.
- Have a seat.
- Thanks.
- When was it delivered?
- An hour ago.
- You call the police?
- No. I waited for you.
You think this might belong to Doug?
I don't know.
Why would someone send that to me?
- Was there a note?
- Nothing.
You have security cameras outside?
We did. but Doug disabled them.
He was worried that people might
hack into the network. spy on us.
He's been a little off lately.
he thought people were watching him.
He say who?
No.
Do you have any idea why Doug's car
would have been found
at a gas station outside of town?
No. he was just supposed to pick up
groceries at the market.
He didn't mention anything to me either.
- Maybe this is about Horizon?
- We don't know yet.
He doesn't tell me anything about
what he does or who he works for.
Because he can't.
He can't. You know that.
I just want to know he's okay.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
I'm gonna help you find your husband.
- What's this? What are we doing?
- I'll show you.
Help me out. will ya?
Fill that in for me.
Is this some sort of homemade psych exam?
- I can save you the trouble.
- [scoffs] I know you're crazy.
I'll try to pull a print off this finger.
see if it belongs to Doug.
Eh...
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
That's good enough.
Piece of tape. a couple inches.
Great.
There you go.
- [scoffs]
- Something Dad didn't teach us. right?
Son of a bitch.
[shutter clicks]
- Now what are you doing?
- I gotta send this to my guy.
- What? You got a guy?
- I got a guy.
Sort of like an op analyst. if you will.
You got an op analyst
for your rewardist hustle?
- Oh. it's not a hustle.
- Right. Okay.
This. uh. this work you're doing with
Doug and Horizon. Tell me about it.
Private security. Mostly.
Every job's a little different.
- Off the books stuff?
- Oh. yeah.
Why does Doug's wife think
his disappearance is related to Horizon?
Tracy hates the fact
that Doug still does this work.
She'd rather him. I don't know.
sell insurance.
something normal like that.
That's not Doug's speed.
Last time you talked to him.
he seemed normal?
I wouldn't say normal.
He brought up
some old mission from Yemen.
- With Horizon?
- No.
No. it was about 10 years before that
with our old special ops unit.
And why would he bring that up?
I don't know.
[phone buzzing]
- Hey. Bobby.
- Is that your analyst?
- [Bobby] Who's that?
- My brother.
- Damn. for real?
- I'm guessing Colter hasn't mentioned me.
No. he didn't.
What do you got for me. Bobby?
Right. I put a face to your finger.
Name's Len Klavens.
Matched his prints to police records.
Sending it to you now.
[text chimes]
- [Russell] That was fast.
- What was he arrested for?
Nothing serious.
Public loitering. Multiple times.
- Is he homeless?
- In and out of rehabs.
Now he's in Roanoke city morgue.
Died two days ago.
- We gotta see that body.
- Yep.
[♪ jaunty music playing]
[keyboard clacking]
I got this.
What can I help you with?
Hi. Um...
"Yolanda."
Oh. that is a...
That's a beautiful name.
Sadly. we. uh. we heard about Len Klavens.
recently deceased. and. uh.
we just need to see the body.
What for?
How do you like working here. huh?
I get a good vibe from you.
Kind eyes. helpful eyes. I like that.
[scoffs] What's he talking about?
The body might be connected
to the disappearance of another man.
Oh. sorry. but unless you're family.
I can't let you back there.
I didn't mention. Cousins.
We just... We just need a minute to.
you know...
Promise we won't disrupt a thing.
And then afterwards. maybe.
uh. we go grab a drink
or. uh. somethin'-somethin'?
No. Sorry.
- That was so close.
- No.
I can't believe "kind eyes" didn't work.
I didn't see you stepping up.
You got a better idea?
I might.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Okay.
Whoa. whoa.
You coming?
[grunts]
- Put your foot on the...
- I got it. I got it.
There you go.
[doorknob rattles]
Great.
[Russell] Ah. multi-tool. Cool.
- Slide it in the frame now.
- Yup.
Here it comes.
Nice.
Thank you.
- You sure there's no alarm?
- You hear an alarm?
No. Just. it seems easy.
Don't get me wrong. I'll take the win.
Here we go.
- [Russell] This is him.
- Yeah.
- Check the hand.
- Mutilated.
- That's weird.
You ever seen anything like this before?
- [officer] Freeze!
- Whoa!
- All right.
- Keep those hands up!
I meant what I said. you know?
Kind eyes.
My offer for dinner still stands.
How did you say
we were gonna get out of this?
[sighs] Don't worry about it.
Let's just think about this.
Who would send a finger to Doug's wife?
- [footsteps approaching]
- Here we go.
[♪ quirky music playing]
Gentlemen. you're free.
Time to go.
You must be Russell Shaw.
Reenie Greene.
- Oh. you didn't call me back.
- Sorry about that. Busy.
Working for Colter? Can't imagine
the things he's got you doing.
No. I do not work for him.
I work with him. honey. Get that straight.
And only sometimes.
and only when I get paid.
And trust me. I always get paid.
I bet you do.
[scoffs] You have an
interesting criminal record.
Disturbing the peace in Tuscaloosa
with a speedboat and a donkey?
- I wouldn't worry about that.
- Wasn't planning on it.
But you owe me for some unpaid fish
and wildlife fines I paid on your behalf.
Poaching. nice. You can Venmo me.
Thank you. But. uh. it wasn't poaching.
for the record.
- Are we. uh. being charged or not?
- No.
I persuaded the prosecutor
you were overcome with grief
and behaving irrationally.
- Thank you.
- Mmm-hmm.
Luckily. the prosecutor sympathized.
Said that he also had some problem clients
when he was a defense attorney.
- Fishing for compliments.
- I think she's awesome.
- So how can we repay you?
- Besides the Venmo?
You're gonna buy me lunch and tell me
everything that's been going on.
Okay.
I know it's not fancy. but there's
nothing better than food off a truck.
- It's not my first time.
- I'm sure it's not.
Avert your eyes.
I'm a Sriracha-on-fries kinda guy.
Also. for the record. it was not my idea
to break into the morgue.
[clicks tongue]
Doesn't surprise me.
What was so important about this body?
Someone sent a finger to Doug's wife.
Okay. was your morgue friend
connected to Doug?
You worked with him
for a long time. right?
- Look at you snooping on me.
- I wouldn't call it snooping.
"Deep dive" is more like it.
Huh.
The military. post military.
your extracurriculars.
El Salvador.
I'm curious about this employer
you and Doug work for.
- The Horizon Group?
- Not much to tell.
Checks clear. Good insurance.
Doug's wife is suspicious.
- but so far there's no connection.
- Uh-huh.
Then I will reserve my judgment
until I do some digging.
- Knock yourself out.
- [phone buzzing]
Oh. balls. All right.
I got a lot going on at work.
You guys have fun.
Be careful.
and I'll catch up with you later.
- [Colter] All right.
- [Reenie] Bye.
So I'm gonna need a sitrep on. uh.
the thing between you and her.
No situation to report.
'Cause I think she is...
[clicks tongue] impressive.
- Uh-huh.
- Thorough.
- Saying she's fair game?
- I'm saying she's off limits.
You sure?
Just messin' with you.
[laughs] Your face.
Hey. I got a... A little surprise for you.
I grabbed this from the morgue.
Good thing they didn't strip search us.
So our guy died of suspected overdose.
But the disarticulation
occurred pre-mortem.
- Really?
- Really.
Say there where the body was located?
- You betcha.
- All right.
[♪ intense music playing]
Report said our fingerless body
was found near these dumpsters.
Yeah. if they dumped the body here.
they weren't too concerned
with keeping it hidden.
This new breed. they don't take the time
to do the job right.
Back in the day. it's a...
It's a shovel.
lime. a little acid. six feet. at least.
Now... [blows raspberry]
Maybe they didn't
feel the need to hide it.
- Sloppy work.
- Hey. look. let's cut to it.
Ever since we found that body.
I get the sense that you know something
you're not sharing with me.
There were some guys in my unit
that were. uh. pretty superstitious.
Okay? Doug included.
They were into that woo-woo stuff.
- The prayers and rituals.
- Body parts?
Maybe. yeah. Blood magic. protection.
In fact. I heard there was. uh.
somebody you could go to to get blessings.
- Blessing?
- Mmm-hmm.
Was Doug into that?
He said a few things now I think about it.
There was this job we did in Peru.
He brought me to this weird shrine.
and we were giving offerings.
Thought he was messing with me.
He was serious.
In fact. he paid an old man
to put a curse on one of our targets.
- Huh.
- What?
It's the same star and moon on the box
with the finger in it.
- Oh.
- Let's go check it out.
[door closes]
What can I do for you?
- Looking for some help.
- What sort of help?
Protection.
I think what my brother means
is a blessing. a strong one.
- That's what you do here. right?
- It depends.
How did you hear of our services?
A friend said that this was the place.
Follow me.
[♪ intense rock music playing]
I got your blessing.
- Easy.
- We can do that.
On your knees. cop.
- [Russell] Hmm.
- You don't wanna do that.
Like I said. get down.
Listen. if you're gonna shoot.
shoot my brother first.
Oh. come on.
Why would you do that?
I'll shoot you both.
Sort out the parts later.
- In that case. on three. Ready?
- [Colter and Russell] Three.
Yeah. Here we go.
What do you think. Colt?
Shoot one. maybe. ask
the other one questions?
We could start lopping digits.
Start with a few toes. maybe.
Please. We don't want any trouble.
You've got trouble.
Looking for a friend of mine.
Seen him?
- Yeah.
- What was he doing here?
He needed protection.
He was scared.
He needed help.
Well. he's missing.
So whatever you were trying to
protect him from. it didn't work.
How does this work?
You. uh. start cutting off fingers?
- You kill that man?
- No. he overdosed.
Why send the finger to the house?
When something is asked.
it must be completed.
He wanted a protective talisman
to keep his wife safe.
- [Colter] Safe from what?
- He just gave us a name.
Said this guy wanted to hurt him.
- Let's have the name.
- That'll undo the blessing.
Let me ask you this.
Is there a blessing
that can keep me from squeezing
this trigger and blowing your face off?
He'll do it. I've seen him do it.
Give me the name.
Solano. Carlos Solano.
Solano. You've heard that name before?
- Why was Doug afraid of that name?
- It's impossible.
Doug and I did a job in Panama.
For this Horizon contractor?
Yeah. The mission was
to neutralize the target.
- Kill?
- Health alteration. as we like to call it.
Who was the target?
It was a businessman named Moy Solano.
Doug made the kill.
Getting out was a problem.
That's what this is about?
Revenge for a botched job?
Wasn't botched.
Solano's dead. I watched him drop.
- They made you.
- Not me. They made Doug.
He had to go back to the kill spot
and Moy Solano's men saw him
and snapped a picture.
Hold... Hold on a second.
Why did he go back?
It was my fault. It was on me.
I left something at the kill site.
I dropped my knife.
I had to reach the extraction point.
so he went back.
Why didn't Doug come to you?
Thought he'd deal with it
or didn't wanna flag it with Horizon.
- Kept a lot of people in dark.
- Well. that's Doug.
Thinks he can handle everything himself.
[phone buzzing]
- Reenie.
- You still with your brother?
Yeah.
I know you're not big
into taking my legal advice.
but if you're planning
to sniff around Horizon. think again.
They're into some really dark stuff.
and you cannot trust them.
And if Doug's disappearance has something
to do with them. then I would think twice.
- Copy that.
- What does that mean?
That you hear me
and you're gonna ignore what I'm saying?
No. it means I hear you.
but I made a promise to Doug's wife.
He's out there. in danger.
I'm gonna go get him back.
Okay. You do what you gotta do.
Just keep your eyes open.
Will do.
What does Horizon know about this?
They haven't contacted me.
but that doesn't mean anything.
I think it's time we talked to them.
You have a handler?
I don't think that's a good idea.
Listen. if Doug's out there.
we're gonna get him back.
we need to know we're dealing with.
All right.
[♪ tense music playing]
[♪ circus music playing]
[kids clamoring]
[woman] I don't appreciate you being here.
I draw a strict line
between home and work.
You understand that. right. Russell?
- Compartmentalizing?
- Well. this couldn't wait.
- Doug Thompson?
- Yeah.
Horizon's already aware
and taking steps to monitor the situation.
Monitor? You mean mitigate.
Monitor. so as not to inflame a situation.
More importantly. to protect Doug
and his family.
Why exactly wasn't I called in to help?
We've decided to keep you clean.
Too late for that.
I'm aware. Bringing your brother
into this. not the best move.
- No. I'm full of those.
- You're also ignorant to wider concerns.
Why is Moy Solano a target?
- You don't get to ask that question.
- I don't work for you.
But I can make sure that whatever happens
to Doug lands at your feet.
Russ. let's get out of here.
We'll call Reenie.
- Have her keep digging.
- I'd appreciate it
if you kept a tight circle on this
as per your NDA.
Well. NDA is no bueno
now that Doug's been snatched.
- We don't know that.
- I think we do.
What is it about Solano?
Come on. We're not gonna stop.
Solano was funding a rebel organization
trying to overthrow the government.
Who hired you to take him out?
[knocking on window]
[child giggles]
A client with mineral interests
in the country
- they needed to protect.
- Client have a name?
They aren't part of this.
They have nothing to do with Doug.
So it's in your best interests
to sacrifice Doug?
I have to answer up.
Let the situation resolve itself.
Come on.
You gotta give us something.
We're gonna do this regardless.
Please. Where is he?
Where's Doug?
There's the safe house
outside of Richmond.
He could be there. I don't know.
Thank you.
[kids exclaiming]
Kids.
[kids laughing]
[Colter] What are we
walking into here. Russell?
Just a safe house.
Hopefully Doug is okay.
[♪ ominous music playing]
Russ.
[Russell] Clear!
There's no sign of Doug.
If he was here.
he didn't go down without a fight.
Doug was definitely here.
It looks like he was interested
in Carlos Solano.
Moy's brother.
Yeah. Moy was running
the family business
while Carlos has been in prison.
Got out last month.
Carlos is after Doug
for killing his brother.
That's why they waited a year and a half.
They didn't just send one guy here.
They sent three.
If they wanted they'd have
killed him here.
My guess. Carlos wants to kill him
with his own hands.
Great. So where'd they take Doug?
Mmm. That is the question.
That's weird.
Is that a camera?
Yeah.
Let's see if it recorded anything of use.
Nice.
- [keypad clicking]
- [text chimes]
Look. I think it's time
we call in law enforcement.
- [chuckles] That's funny.
- Look around you. man.
We're in over our head.
Colter. Horizon is an above
black ops contractor for the government.
- And they want plausible deniability.
- That's right.
They want to clean up a mess
and they want zero blowback.
It's just you and me. man.
No one's coming for us.
- Hey. if you want to tap out...
- I don't tap out.
I didn't think you would.
I just want you to know
what you're getting into.
[Colter] What you got there?
It's. um... [chuckles]
a knife Dad gave me.
He said it's one of the few things
a man can count on
for protection and shelter and food.
Hmm.
He didn't make you
carry one of these?
- No.
- Yeah. well.
I don't know
why I've kept it all these years.
It's been with me everywhere.
Yeah? And that's the knife
Doug went back for?
I told him it was nothing.
but it has my name on it. so...
[Colter] I get it.
it's important to you.
Not a lot of things
you can count on in life.
It's good to have you back. bro.
I never left.
- You know what I mean.
- Hmm.
So what's. uh...
What's your plan. man?
What's the exit plan here?
[chuckles] I don't...
I don't have one.
Hmm.
- You do?
- Yeah.
I'm gonna open up
a little brewery some place nice.
Have a tasting menu.
A little farm-to-table action.
- It'll be awesome.
- You're joining the food service industry?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
You've had my beer. It's good.
- Better than good.
- It is. It's good.
Really. no plan?
No... No exit strategy? This is it?
This is it. you know?
Open road.
Wouldn't want
to be anywhere else.
Hmm. Strokes for folks.
I suppose.
[phone buzzing]
Here we go.
Bobby. what do you got?
All the good stuff.
Got the camera footage you wanted.
Anything interesting?
Three guys pulled up
to the safe house
in a blue van
about six hours ago.
But only two of
the same dudes came out.
Anybody with 'em?
Yeah. They're dragging some dude
with a hood pulled over his head.
- They got Doug.
- Not for nothing.
but these guys look like pros.
Only got a partial plate.
but I'm thinking
it belongs to this
Pacora Grove LLC
with only a PO Box listed.
Right. Thanks. Bobby.
Well. well. we meet again.
- Russell.
- Okay. let's focus up. They have Doug.
- I know. Bobby sent me the footage.
- Need to move fast.
- Already on it.
- Of course you are.
I called my friend at the FBI.
and this is what he gave me
on Carlos and Moy Solano.
Giving this to you is a mistake.
But if I didn't.
I figured you would just
break in somewhere.
and you would get caught.
- My weekend would be ruined.
- I would make it up to you.
- Not necessary. really.
- The offer's there.
Okay. The van that took Doug
was registered to a Pacora Grove LLC.
- Any mention of that in here?
- [Reenie] Yeah. actually.
the LLC
belongs to a lieutenant of Carlos Solano.
And he also happens
to own a vacation home
in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
less than three hours from here.
Have fun. boys.
Let's go.
Let's go? Whoa.
What are you doing? You crazy?
This Solano guy. he's gonna have security.
You realize that?
You can't just go in there guns a-blazin'.
You're gonna need backup.
Your backup's gonna need backup.
I got you. You and me.
Come on. we'll go get geared up.
We'll go get Doug.
We'll do it alone.
Come on. man. You good?
Let's go.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[whispering] Check this out.
They got their own landing strip.
[Russell] That's probably why
they brought Doug here.
So Carlos can kill the man
who killed his brother.
Doug could still be alive.
Let's hope we got here before Carlos.
We got a guard at 11 o'clock.
I got him. I'll be right back.
[struggling]
Well done. Russ.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Few more inside.
I still like our odds. though.
- You good?
- I'm good.
- Let's go.
[sporting event playing indistinctly
on TV]
[commentator speaking indistinctly on TV]
[men chattering in Spanish]
[commentary and chatter
continues in background]
- [gun firing]
- [groans]
[man yelling in Spanish]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[men clamoring]
- [flashbang explodes]
- [men screaming]
[guns firing]
- No Doug.
- All right. let's go.
- [Russell grunts]
- [gun firing]
- You good?
- Yeah.
Let's see.
- It's fine. It's just the arm.
- You don't look fine.
I'm fine. Let's go.
- Come on.
- All right.
Hey. that's him. Doug!
- Doug. hey.
- Oh. man! Russ.
I got you. We're gonna
get you out of here. okay?
- What about my wife?
- She's fine. She's fine.
- She's good. Come on.
- I'm sorry. man.
- I know.
- I didn't tell you about Solano.
You're good. You're good.
I got you. all right?
[Doug] He's on his way.
- Come on.
- Yeah. let's go.
[rooster crowing]
All right. Doug. In you go. Easy.
[sighs]
Let me see that.
- It's fine.
- Yeah.
- It's fine!
- All right. come on.
At least let me clean it
and wrap it for you.
Yeah. All right.
[groans]
[wincing]
[Colter] You know the drill here. right?
- It's gonna burn like hell.
- Oh. yeah. just do it.
[Colter] Here we go.
[exhales] Mmm-hmm.
You're enjoying this. aren't you?
- Mmm. a little bit.
- [chuckles]
- Ow! [winces]
- Yup.
You'll have to see a doctor.
You know that. right?
Yeah. I'll do that later.
I'm gonna need you to get
Doug home for me. will you?
What the hell are you talking about?
I got a little unfinished business
I gotta take care of.
Talking about killing Solano?
Come on. man. Don't be dumb.
We got Doug.
We just walk away.
No. I wish it were that easy.
I gotta get back there.
Just like that?
This is goodbye?
Hell. no.
No. no. I'll. uh...
I'll come find you.
Talk about that exit plan of yours.
One that doesn't involve
dragging a trailer all over the country.
- I told you. I'm fine.
- [chuckles] Yeah.
It's very on brand.
[♪ country music playing]
Hey. man. Thank you.
Okay?
I'll see you when I see you.
♪ I saw my face at the water's edge ♪
♪ The man with the heavy heart ♪
♪ But every now and then
He feels so close ♪
♪ And every now and then so far ♪
♪ Tell me... ♪
Hold on a sec. How do I look?
Well. I think... Good. considering.
Honestly. I think she's just gonna be
happy to have you back home.
[both sighing]
[Tracy sniffles]
[Tracy] Thank you.
Just thank you.
Where's Russell?
Uh. I don't really know.
It's hard. isn't it?
The half answers?
You get used to it.
Can you stay for a while?
Thanks. but I gotta...
I gotta go.
Thank you.
I'm so glad you're home.
♪ The one in the water
that I used to know ♪
♪ When did he lose that fire? ♪
♪ Did he just grow old
Did he just grow tired? ♪
♪ There was a time ♪
♪ That it came easy for a while ♪
♪ I know it couldn't have been
that long ago ♪
Excuse me?
I'm looking for a man
that's been staying here.
Russell Shaw?
He checked out a couple days ago.
- Are you Colter?
- I am.
He left you a package.
There you go.
Thank you.
Hmm.
♪ Where did the young man go? ♪
♪ The one in the water
that I used to know ♪
♪ When did he lose that fire? ♪
♪ Did he just grow old
Did he just grow tired? ♪
♪ Where did the young man go? ♪
♪ The one in the water
that I used to know ♪
♪ When did he lose that fire? ♪
♪ Did he just grow old
Did he just grow tired? ♪
♪ Where did the young man go? ♪
♪ The one in the water
that I used to know ♪
♪ When did he lose that fire? ♪
♪ Did he just grow old
Did he just grow tired? ♪
[engine starts]
♪ I walked back down
the river bend road ♪
♪ Gathered up a couple good stones ♪
♪ Down to the water
Went looking for a load ♪
♪ Wasn't very far from home ♪
[theme music playing]